Updated README to reflect recent UI changes (#180)
lf-lang/vscode-lingua-franca: README.md

This extension adds language support for [Lingua Franca (LF)](https://www.lf-lang.org/).

## ✨ Check out the New Lingua Franca Package Explorer! ✨

> Click on the LF icon in the Activity Bar on the left to access the Package Explorer. This will open a tree view that lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the LF icon in the Activity Bar on the left to access the Package Explorer.
This will open a tree view with:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Installed Packages:** Library packages installed via the [Lingo package manager](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingo/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Installed Packages**—Library packages installed via the [Lingo package manager](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingo/);
```

> - **Local Libraries:** Unpublished libraries located in `./src/lib` within your project; and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Local Libraries**—Unpublished libraries located in `./src/lib` within your project; and
```

> - **Source Files:** All `.lf` source files located in the `./src` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Source Files**—all `.lf` source files located in the `./src` folder.
```

This extension adds language support for [Lingua Franca (LF)](https://www.lf-lang.org/).

## ✨ Discover the New Lingua Franca Package Explorer! ✨

> Access the Package Explorer effortlessly by clicking on the LF icon in the Activity Bar on the left side of your screen. This will open a tree view that organizes all your Lingua Franca projects in your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the LF icon in the Activity Bar on the left to access the Package Explorer. This will open a tree view that lists
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For each project, you’ll find the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Lingo Packages:** View published libraries downloaded via the [Lingo package manager](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingo/), if any are included in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lingo Packages:** Library packages installed via the [Lingo package manager](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingo/);
```

> - **Local Libraries:** Discover any unpublished libraries located in `./src/lib` within your project, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Local Libraries:** Unpublished libraries located in `./src/lib` within your project; and
```

> - **Source Files:** Navigate through all `.lf` source files found in the `./src` folder of each project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Source Files:** All `.lf` source files located in the `./src` folder.
```
